Command to run from parser/ast/ 
    ./head.py -f testBasic.wld -go '{"file":"astOut.html", "h": 3000, "w": 5000}' -e emitted.py


Need to improve error messages from type mismatches when assigning
functions to function variables.  Right now, just spits out a bunch of
json gobbledy gook.

Deep copy returns from public statements.
    
In examples:
may want to make Ready a keyword so that do not have conflicts with
sending messages.

Ignoring connection setup.

Ignoring checks to make sure that the connection is set up before
continuing.  Maybe block until the connection is set up?

May want to use underscores for all data internal to an endpoint in
generated code to discourage direct access

Handle deep copies in contexts.

Handle deep copies of internal variables.

Playing fast and loose with the names of variables that the user can
pass in as arguments in emitting.  Fix.

May want to provide a commit callback to fire when action is totally
finished on both sides.

Im emitting:

Decide on whether can pass messages through function calls.

Decide on whether can use a message literal in a send statement.
(Parse for it too, maybe).

Major questions about how should be allowed to initialize shared and
endpoint global variables.

Type check to ensure that nothing happens after return statement or
send statement?

    
To Do:

 * Not handling escaping strings for string literals correctly when
   emitting in runFunctionBodyInternalEmit of astEmit.py.
   
 * Throw okay error if do not name endpoint at top endpoint section
   correctly (eg., name both the same thing).
 
 * For incorrectly declared variables, maybe present some "you may
   have meant XXXXX" error message.
   
 * Test that do not write to any variable that do not control.
   
 * Determine syntax for generics Map and List; determine if want
   syntax for doing things by value
   
 * Eventually, may want to lex/parse for common errors.  For instance,
   if use "Equals" instead of "==", parse for "==" and report error.
   +=, ++ as well.  Cannot begin a variable name with _
   
   
 * Warn unused functions.  Error on unused functions?

x * Ensure that nothing makes a function call to a msgReceive function.
 
 * Is it possible to specify shared functions?  What about shared
   msgSend and msgReceive functions?

   

   
Major to dos:
  1) Decide on how discovery should work
  3) Specifying error conditions/what happens on error/after some time
  5) How does time play into when respond?  Do we have a notion of
     time/timers?  What is it?
 

  
Questions:

Should decide whether should have basic initializers for variables or
allow for more complex statements (returnable expressions).

Annotation for shared data seems off.  Right now, just have one
general CONTROLS annotation.  Can have more nuanced rules, where a
piece of state can only be modified directly in a message response
chain instead of at the outset of response.  Similarly, may want to
make state only writable.  We'll see.

Should ElseIf use camel-case or underscore?  Mechanical Turk it.


Ideas:

Are there any benefits behind reporting syntax errors sequentially,
instead of reporting many at once?  That would be conventional wisdome
to overturn.

Syntax error reporting is hard.  This is because when hit a syntax
error, yacc does not actually report to you which state it can't get
out of (or the deepest state that it can get into before failing).
This is a problem because can't report targetted syntax errors without
parsing for them specifically.  If provide this extra bit of
information, maybe can provide more informative syntax error: "looks
like you may have forgotten a semi-colon", "don't forget a comma
here", etc.  Note that this may fit in with SOSP paper about
configuration error messages.


Dual Process Theory may define what it means to be a novice language
and a non-novice language.  No one else has suggested why an expert
would no longer use a novice language.  Dual Process Theory may be a
tool to identify and explain the fundamental tradeoffs in language design.

Identifies a fundamental language tradeoff between expressiveness
and readability.  Probably a natural metaphor with command line versus
gui.  

According to a lot of our theory, we should be able to re-design
Haskell to have a much lower learning curve by changing around a lot
of its syntax.  Maybe think about doing that as evaluation for paper.

Special language for configuration files.  Maybe throw error when
overwrite variable's existing value.  Maybe throw warnings when
variables are named very closely to one another.


Should == be "IsEqualTo" and != be "IsNotEqualTo"?  This really,
really depends on our target.  It's a fundamental tradeoff.  

I really think that the function declaration syntax needs more work.
It should reflect, these things come in, those things go out.

Something of a Public <FunctionName> : In { };
                                       Out{ };
                                       WhatToDo
                                       {

                                       }
Of course, keep in mind it depends if we're targetting novices or not.  


Require parens for grouping on == and !=. 
Require parens for grouping on or and and?
Maybe make multiplicatino be with x?

 
Long-term to do:
 

Incorporate errors into Trace syntax.  Probably put errors at end of
each trace line.  (Ie, for each trace line, no matter where the error
occurs in the trace line, all error handling on each side happens in
one function.)  Use prose keyword, such as "OnError" to deal with
each.  Maybe also provide ability to specify how long to wait until a
message times out.

Presumably, only one trace line can execute at a time.  What is model
for queueing other message lines?


